README.md, before:


Igneet
===

(Readme to come soon ...)



Libraries and plugins used
===

### imgAreaSelect jQuery plugin - http://odyniec.net/projects/imgareaselect/

Copyright (c) 2008-2013 Michal Wojciechowski (odyniec.net)

Dual licensed under the MIT and GPL licenses.


- - - 

### Pagedown-boostrap - https://github.com/tchapi/pagedown-bootstrap

A javascript port of Markdown, as used on Stack Overflow and the rest of Stack Exchange network.

Largely based on showdown.js by John Fraser (Attacklab). Original Markdown Copyright (c) 2004-2005 John Gruber - http://daringfireball.net/projects/markdown/

Original Showdown code copyright (c) 2007 John Fraser

 - Modifications and bugfixes (c) 2009 Dana Robinson
 - Modifications and bugfixes (c) 2009-2011 Stack Exchange Inc.
 - Modifications and bugfixes (c) 2012-2013 tchap (https://github.com/tchapi)

- - - 

### Font Awesome by Dave Gandy - http://fortawesome.github.com/Font-Awesome.

The Font Awesome font is licensed under the SIL Open Font License - http://scripts.sil.org/OFL.

Font Awesome CSS, LESS, and SASS files are licensed under the MIT License - http://opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.html.

The Font Awesome pictograms are licensed under the CC BY 3.0 License - http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/

- - -

### Nestable jQuery Plugin - https://github.com/dbushell/Nestable

Copyright (c) 2013 David Bushell - http://dbushell.com/

Contributions by tchapi (https://github.com/tchapi) - https://github.com/tchapi/Nestable

Dual-licensed under the BSD or MIT licenses

- - -

### D3.js by Michael Bostock - http://d3js.org/

Copyright (c) 2013, Michael Bostock

All rights reserved.

- - - 

### Linecons UI icons - http://designmodo.com/linecons-free

Polaris UI and Linecons is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 Unported (CC BY 3.0)  (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/)


- - -

### OpenId Symfony 2 Bundle - https://github.com/formapro/FpOpenIdBundle

This bundle is under the MIT license. 

by https://github.com/formapro

- - -

### ExposeTranslation Bundle - https://github.com/willdurand/BazingaExposeTranslationBundle

This bundle is under the MIT license. 

by William Durand (https://github.com/willdurand)

- - -

### Markdown Bundle - https://github.com/KnpLabs/KnpMarkdownBundle

Provide markdown conversion (based on Michel Fortin work).

by http://knplabs.com/

- - -

### Bourbon & Neat

Bourbon and NEAT are maintained and funded by thoughtbot, inc.

Bourbon and NEAT are Copyright © 2011-2013 thoughtbot under the MIT License. It is free software, and may be redistributed under the terms specified in the LICENSE file.

- - -

### Alertify

alertify.js is licensed under MIT, copyright © Fabien Doiron

- - -

### Redactor.js

Redactor below version 7.6.2 is under the MIT License.

See : https://github.com/html5cat/redactor-js

- - -


For the static site only :

 * Skeleton V1.2 - Copyright 2011, Dave Gamache
 * Sticky Plugin - Author: Anthony Garand
 * jQuery Mobile Menu - version 1.0(31-OCT-2011)
 * jQuery Inview - author Remy Sharp
 * jQuery Easing v1.3 - http://gsgd.co.uk/sandbox/jquery/easing/

Commit message:

Add dropzone.js to handle file uploads Style resources list Minor fixups (WIP)

README.md, after:


Igneet
===

(Readme to come soon ...)



Libraries and plugins used
===

### imgAreaSelect jQuery plugin - http://odyniec.net/projects/imgareaselect/

Copyright (c) 2008-2013 Michal Wojciechowski (odyniec.net)

Dual licensed under the MIT and GPL licenses.


- - - 

### Pagedown-boostrap - https://github.com/tchapi/pagedown-bootstrap

A javascript port of Markdown, as used on Stack Overflow and the rest of Stack Exchange network.

Largely based on showdown.js by John Fraser (Attacklab). Original Markdown Copyright (c) 2004-2005 John Gruber - http://daringfireball.net/projects/markdown/

Original Showdown code copyright (c) 2007 John Fraser

 - Modifications and bugfixes (c) 2009 Dana Robinson
 - Modifications and bugfixes (c) 2009-2011 Stack Exchange Inc.
 - Modifications and bugfixes (c) 2012-2013 tchap (https://github.com/tchapi)

- - - 

### Font Awesome by Dave Gandy - http://fortawesome.github.com/Font-Awesome.

The Font Awesome font is licensed under the SIL Open Font License - http://scripts.sil.org/OFL.

Font Awesome CSS, LESS, and SASS files are licensed under the MIT License - http://opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.html.

The Font Awesome pictograms are licensed under the CC BY 3.0 License - http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/

- - -

### Nestable jQuery Plugin - https://github.com/dbushell/Nestable

Copyright (c) 2013 David Bushell - http://dbushell.com/

Contributions by tchapi (https://github.com/tchapi) - https://github.com/tchapi/Nestable

Dual-licensed under the BSD or MIT licenses

- - -

### D3.js by Michael Bostock - http://d3js.org/

Copyright (c) 2013, Michael Bostock

All rights reserved.

- - - 

### Linecons UI icons - http://designmodo.com/linecons-free

Polaris UI and Linecons is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 Unported (CC BY 3.0)  (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/)


- - -

### OpenId Symfony 2 Bundle - https://github.com/formapro/FpOpenIdBundle

This bundle is under the MIT license. 

by https://github.com/formapro

- - -

### ExposeTranslation Bundle - https://github.com/willdurand/BazingaExposeTranslationBundle

This bundle is under the MIT license. 

by William Durand (https://github.com/willdurand)

- - -

### Markdown Bundle - https://github.com/KnpLabs/KnpMarkdownBundle

Provide markdown conversion (based on Michel Fortin work).

by http://knplabs.com/

- - -

### Bourbon & Neat

Bourbon and NEAT are maintained and funded by thoughtbot, inc.

Bourbon and NEAT are Copyright © 2011-2013 thoughtbot under the MIT License. It is free software, and may be redistributed under the terms specified in the LICENSE file.

- - -

### Alertify

alertify.js is licensed under MIT, copyright © Fabien Doiron

- - -

### Redactor.js

Redactor below version 7.6.2 is under the MIT License.

See : https://github.com/html5cat/redactor-js

- - -

### Dropzone.js

Dropzone is under the MIT License.

See : https://github.com/enyo/dropzone

- - -


For the static site only :

 * Skeleton V1.2 - Copyright 2011, Dave Gamache
 * Sticky Plugin - Author: Anthony Garand
 * jQuery Mobile Menu - version 1.0(31-OCT-2011)
 * jQuery Inview - author Remy Sharp
 * jQuery Easing v1.3 - http://gsgd.co.uk/sandbox/jquery/easing/
